FAQUse add can I use Trezor One? (#1157)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

You should put a meaningful label when you generate a receive address in your hardware wallet, e.g. "coinjoined utxo with anonymity set 70" (something that reminds you that you got this utxo from your Wasabi Wallet and it was coinjoined).
:::

:::details
### Can I use Trezor One with Wasabi?

> No. Unfortunately, Trezor One is currently not supported by Wasabi Wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Unfortunately, Trezor One is no longer supported by Wasabi Wallet.
```
